tutorial update for the note on helloworld modification (#370)
beeware/beeware: docs/tutorial/tutorial-2.rst

Adding some content of our own
==============================

> Now we are going to do something more interesting in the ``HelloWorld`` class.
> 
> .. note::
> 
>     keep the imports at the top of the file and the ``main()`` at the
>     bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lets do something more interesting with our ``HelloWorld`` app.

.. note::

    When you make these changes, make sure you keep the imports at the top of the file, 
    and the ``main()`` at the bottom of the file. You only need to update the 
    ``HelloWorld`` class.
```
